good afternoon and good morning wherever
you are in the world today watching us
at the new new in venture today we are
joined by non rebounding and Managing
Partner of baseless adventures thank you
so much thank you thank you so much it's
great chatting with out of you I have a
presentation here like to walk through
and you know would love to answer any
questions or you know ask you any
questions I don't know how interaction
work and actually have a few questions
for you guys but you know let's let's go
through those and see whether we can
open up and with Q&A so just to
introduce myself a little bit more my
name is LAN I'm founder and Managing
Partner of faces that ventures I started
business adventures in 2017 we are a
seed stage fund that focus on the
animation we investing companies that
transform the way people work most of
our portfolio our enterprise companies
the fun is about hundred forty million
dollars we mostly do achieve stage
investments in the Lotus series say the
verticals we focus on are obviously the
office productivity
you know dev tools but also some of the
more antiquated mysteries including
construction you know like agriculture
manufacturing etc so with that I'm going
to go into the formal topic which is how
is kava impacting the future of work
first of all what is future work the way
I'm curious about your thoughts as not
even as a future work I don't know how I
can see your response actually I mean
should I check this and see if it's
possible maybe not so anyway so what is
future work the way we think about
future work is you know as an investor
we think about the stack of automation
we're investing both
and up the stack anything from
infrastructure to the data layer to
authorize them to application so pretty
much the whole spectrum and as I
mentioned industry wise we look at you
know the professional office office
workers and also the deathless workers
including people working in factories in
in farms and a lot of different settings
as the investor is very fascinating to
me how Cove is changing the entire
spectrum of future work and not just our
office workers but also like people who
work in different settings because I
think the impact on them is probably
even bigger than us and we're all
fortunate enough to be able to stay at
home and you know do this on zoom' by a
lot of workers are not as fortunate so
I'll spend a little time talking about
that in the presentation so unintellible
that's how I think I'll feel to work and
that's how we make an investment it's
pretty broad you know kind of scope I be
tracking code it since it's very early
days in January after seeing try not
getting hit very hard I've been tracking
this for several month it's very clear
that it's impacting us in many different
ways you know specifically I think it's
impacting who are we in this market from
the founder point of view you know in
the up market and a lot of founders will
survive because mark is great you know
law founders will use the leave raise
money and start company how come I could
fit but in the down market the profile
of people we're gonna serve is right
will be will be different I'll you know
give a little bit sample and talk to you
a little bit bad and obviously the
second thing you know Cove is changing
the way we work with one from very much
you know going to the office to
completely remote and lastly I'll give
an example of how Cove is changing the
infrastructure of our economy in terms
of supply chain so it's changing who how
we it should be who wins and how
were contributing infrastructure so it's
basically you know in my view it's
pretty completely reset for us in many
ways which brings a lots of challenges
and you know also some opportunities
okay so first for founder's I change who
wins the way we see this is the rise of
wartime founder are going to have some
kind of advantage in this market because
they just be preparing for this a little
bit longer than and and the founders who
you know maybe only have seeing the good
times so the rise of I'll spend a little
time on the founders side the rise of
wartime founders is what I call it
typically a semester the way we look at
founders you know are we look at some of
the very obvious attributes you know
which school you go to what have you
done before what is your experience you
know are your technical if you read a
lot of the memos and interacted with you
message before those are some of the
most obvious attributes that people you
know look for as an investor we think
you know some of the more better
predictors of success in upmarket we're
down market actually these what we call
critical aspects of you know
psychological profiles of the founders
which includes agile thinking you know
confidence day-to-day effectiveness
founder market fit what when a quick
learner were not when you're scrappy or
started telling so these are the
attributes if you know are much harder
to identify
especially given limited amount of time
as investor how do I give me founders
but you know extremely put and it is
extremely especially important in a
market where certain aspects become more
important because we're you know in a
downturn fundraising is more difficult
now you know business the customers are
getting impacted
longer from for fundraising for closing
customers and payments get delayed right
so certain attributes like agile
thinking we're day-to-day effectiveness
results driven
scrappy becomes even more important in
this market we collected data from sixty
founders tour some more successful some
are not successful and on these core
attributes and we use the data we
collected it to to kind of group them
together to see what kind of profile of
founders you know we can parse out and
what are some of the profiles stuttering
that are successful and some are not and
what's a difference between the
successful profiles and those who are
not the result quite interesting let me
take you through some of the results so
we've identified three successful
founder archetypes when it's called
humble operator when it's called agile
visionary when it's called seasoned
executive I'm gonna stay here for for a
minute the core differences between
these founders are you know how these
attributes as I work through grouped
together like for example a humble
operator this is a group of founder were
very strong in execution of very greedy
crit see very resourceful and also tend
to be humble you know these founders
describe that investors as resilient as
ambitious as modest and diligent and the
second type agile visionary these are
founders were more you know tend to be
younger tend to be first-time founders
they're very very much a visionary
they're very driven by a desire for
greatness they have a unique perspective
and they're very very quick to respond
also very strong in execution you know
but they're described as multifaceted
and very driven very brilliant the third
one is seasoned executive the
type of anger has have more experience
than the previous two
on average they have more than five
years of management experience notes
this management experience not work
experience which is a little bit
different and there you know a described
by people as a great communicator you
know mature thoughtful high confidence
knows business as well these are three
type of offenders that you know we
identify from the data set that you know
has certain characteristics of driving
them to be successful in all markets and
then there are three types that are
struggling so the first one is called
passion outsider this is the type of
founder who tend to be first-time
founder very very hardworking but just
don't can't seem to find parking problem
aircraft market fits they may be a
little bit risk averse maybe lacking a
lot of unique advantage in Demark even
though they work very hard didn't find
car market fit the second type is
overconfident storyteller this is a type
of founders quote very cosmetic very
compelling much more likely to be very
good at fundraising but may or may not
be strong in execution so this type of
funders we see an upmarket
they can raise money because they're
very charming becoming in a full
partnership meeting from investor you
know they get a lot of attention right
now humming not so much in a down market
like this where investors really care
about like the metrics and unity Atomics
so I think this is have a funder who
actually suffer old and more in a
downturn the third the last one is
called stubborn individualistic in
individualist
this is type of owners who a stubborn
and you know a little bit slow to adapt
to learn me from the market and not
really empathetic to customers which
make it harder for them to find car
market fit now like we caught a stubborn
but stubborn doesn't mean that some of
the
most successful entrepreneurs are
actually stubborn you know like steep
drop-offs or you know very famously
Severn Jeff Bezos
I think the difference between these
individuals and this type of founders is
basically whether you know stubborn
ambition but now I see oh if
customers tell you this is not working
keeping the fishing's in mind but rich
execution to make sure this you know
works for a customer that's how you find
her market fit during downturn one of
the attributes that becomes really
important as we talk to investors is you
know attributes associated with
scrappiness or agile thinking so as you
see from the first couple of typos
founders you know investor
overwhelmingly believe founders with
grits with
very persistent personality or scrappy
agile are much better positioned to be
successful in this market like you know
some of the quotes here are from very
experienced early stage investors they
value and resilience really are it's the
matter of making quick adjustments to
the plan they value you know quick pivot
to product they balance it you know fast
learning so these are attributes you
know we can group them together ask
persistent scrappy and agile you know
ask the important attributes so to
what's interesting our data Dan said is
like looking at two type of founders who
you know are great storytelling founders
were very confident who have fun market
fit
the difference in differentiating these
two founders actually these are the very
attributes we talked about which is
scrappy scratchiness and agile thinking
which translate actually into day to day
execution so if you compare the two
founders one is agile missionary and and
others overcome and storyteller the core
difference between these two founders or
whether they're they can they can
it can be scrapping and finding
resources they need to find to execute
strongly day to day and this is a court
difference that we found between these
two hundred I think this will translate
into even more differences in the market
like we're going through today because
as usual matters even more as investors
index less on your fundraising abilities
that's the less than your confidence
with their business right and as you
index more on execution looking even
more on our metrics these actually
attributes can will become more
important so hard work obviously matters
is one of the attributes that kind of
grouped together with these founders and
we all know zoom is doing really well
and Eric you and I've known him since
2015 he's like probably one of the
hardest worker we know and you know that
how working obviously that's something
also grouped together with these
attributes so if you found out the
question is if your founder who are
humble who are scratching who are greedy
who are resourceful who who are all
these attributes that we think are going
to be successful
does that mean you're successful
families it doesn't mean that you for
sure do better in this market the answer
is no so we compared with two group of
founders when is hump operator you know
we're scrappy we're hard-working very
humble and another what we call the
sorry passion outsider this both of us
who are very high humidity scrappiness
and resourcefulness and also grits the
difference between these two founders
are you know filled compare these two
finer market fit and whether you know a
team follows the founders what does this
mean a founder who's very hardworking
very scrappy very resourceful need a
unique advantage in the market that the
founder has or someone to kind of you
know supplement the founder
to be unique in this market this means
you need to bandage either in the inside
or final market fit in the market that's
specifically a great fit for you this is
more important in a down market like
this because execution becomes so
critical a marathoner saw both strong
execution if you have a unique insight
if you have a unique strength in this
market say be a customer rendition
should be it an inverse relationship
beer you know product development skills
in this heart to in the tough market
that sets you apart from your other
competition that makes you even stronger
in execution and accuracy of execution
will become will become higher so that's
the difference between these two hundred
posts gritty and also resourceful here's
an investor quote that speaks to that
you know this is a point where when
actual understand you were business
matters for the last ten years there are
lots of CEOs who could get away having
high margins subscription software
business and not really paying attention
to every penny
the thing about downturn is that the
every penny actually matters a lot and
you know this speaks to the accuracy in
execution if you execute I have a
advantage in the market you execute
super precisely and make every penny
count your business goes wait well wait
longer and you'll get more market share
and become more bigger business lastly
on the founder what I want to sum right
this for is you know this is a market
for underdogs if you have being through
tough times this is market for you
founders who grow up with limited
resources founders who have lots
experience dealing with challenges and
you know went through hard times they're
likely to be more recently in the heart
working and also like if you actually
happen happen to have you need unique
lamented
market you actually better positions to
witness that oh this is tough battle for
everyone
but if you have actually got the
practice and you know having a
disadvantage in some ways the silver
lining is that you might just have more
experience and your competitor who only
be through the times and always have the
resources that they need so I think this
is you know to encourage founders who
think oh I I certainly think I'm
underdog you know I encourage people who
think the same way like us and I grew up
very poor you know I'm definitely like
first nomination tech for Generation BC
you know what I went through it's very
different from a lot of a B C's went
through I think this is market for
people like us and for us to actually
shine you know because of that practice
we've already had that's on a funner
side
the second thing like you know switching
to how covet is changing the way we work
this is more straightforward then the
first one how this you know it changes
who will actually win this market so in
terms how we work it's pretty obvious we
are asked knowledge workers we're all
going to remotes I read an article
earlier on the different type of models
for distributed teams you know initially
all the companies have centralized
headquarters then we move towards more
there are companies with multiple
centralized offices like we have a
couple purple companies that has a
headquarters in essence in San Francisco
but aren't the office in Berlin or our
new office in Mexico or a like Asia
countries in Asia that becomes more
common in this market to take the
Vantage of the unique technical talents
any other market while still keeping
marketing sales in you know in
California or United States so I've
become even more common with coded the
what we're moving towards is actually
the third type of completely distributed
model where everyone is do distributed
we have a company and that has
knighting employees and completely
distributed know-how quarters anywhere
we're seeing other companies like you
know ambition or you know actually
Twitter there's some other larger
companies were previously previous it
has centralized HQ now have more
distributed announcing that they're
dotting this distributed approach I
think box just announced as well so
moving towards from a centralized like
be able to complete distributed model
and in my view I think this is not going
to be reversed once people get used to
remote work and there's certain
certainly a lot of benefit obviously a
lot of challenges but like there's
certain group of people what's coming
get comfortable with this you know a
portion of the people will be remarked
permanently agree modes which will allow
them to take the vintage of the low
costs of instruction gos and you know
lack of visa for immigrants and you know
to name a few benefits so as we seen the
release of team opportunity tools in the
cloud also is changing the way we work
like you know before we're on a lot of
systems that doesn't allow collaborating
with our with our co-workers now you
know our team is entirely on our table
you know and happy for a year I used to
work at Dropbox the adoption of
cloud-based team collaboration tools
have you know have been increasing
dramatically in the past month driven
Michael it I think you know I heard that
figma you see just like more than
doubled and slack obviously a lot keep
our on slack and we all see the jump of
zoom stock we're all unzoom meetings a
lot of times data dog yoga bill comm
octa last year these are companies come
benefiting from from the trends if you
look at public public market you know
about 20 to 40 percent of markets
accounted for by about five companies
and these are five tech companies
you know something some ways benefiting
from from cotton while the other
companies are actually not doing very
well so we're seeing the race of office
productivity collaboration tools and
some of the tech tools benefiting from
this market and this will fundamentally
change the way people work because once
you get on these tools it's so much
easier and than some of the other tools
that you know we used in the past and
it's very hard to see us going back so
the last thing I want to talk about is
infrastructure this is not something we
spend a lot investors typically spend a
lot of time on as the funds we think
this is super important to look beyond
the office workers beyond our
productivity tools beyond zoom beyond
slack but look at the real economy we
you know supply chain is just one of
them right a lot of the economy the real
calm is actually getting hit really hard
restaurant workers and factory workers
farmers and you know some of these
health care you know professionals these
other spaces are getting hit pretty hard
and and you know we encourage I
encourage everyone to look at some of
that our spaces and how about us you
know as much as possible I will spend
all the time talking about supply chain
because this is an area where we spend a
little bit time looking at and supply
trucks goes through the most some of the
most transformation in the past month
driven I quote it one example where I
want to start with this kind of like
house hottest affection work so I taste
extremely complex I don't know how many
of you have had experience deal with
some kind of supply chain rights so take
an example of like trucking you see the
float rhyme up going to go through every
single detail but you see the flowchart
from like loading unloading
transportation like hen you know hold at
different ports transporting demography
and hiring drivers and driver turnover
and then a kind of by certification
paperwork it's extremely
operational complex space
you know that's one of the reasons we
actually had a extremely extreme
shortage in PVE
in the in previous a month of called it
the reason for that is like you know the
existing supply chain did not have any
enough demand so stuff like demand
mismatch was pretty severe in the
initial time of cotton and most of the
manufacturing of PPE has been outside of
the US to this day and then you know the
lack of transparency / data and Finance
an option made it hard to get the supply
from other countries to the United
States you know some of them some of
them is driven by regulatory changes and
custom and you know get going so custom
is extremely complex and the different
certifications especially for medical
supplies it's extremely complex there's
a certification couch for n95 masks is
taking it takes nine months to go
through the certification so during
times I called it typically not enough
time for new factories to go through the
certification as a result the existing
factories that with the certification
you know gets very great high demand and
the price gets it up and you know it
could become super inefficient there's
going to be like there were like
multiple brokers involved in this so
that's an example of why the supply
chain broke down and the reason why it
broke down the way it did
PPE is just one of one of the examples
there are also other examples you know
such as like you know toilet paper so
how people are stocking toilet papers
because there's not just like the
existing supply doesn't meet the demand
and there's no transparency of how we're
getting these you know 20 papers
directly from the source and as
regulatory changes not so much as PPE
but there's still some
so and you know like scented the
sanitizers and like even food right
grocery shopping for the longest time
you know we can't get enough like X or
like it's challenging to get enough X
and milks X and milk and some other just
base ingredients a because of supply
chain problem it's better it's a little
bit better now
as it exists if I chain kind of catching
up and the new supply chain coming
online the new supply chains coming
online are taking advantage of you know
going direct so I'm sure you've
experienced already a restaurant going
direct selling direct to you versus even
going through a third party platform
obviously you know a lot of restaurants
going to adore - and Google baristas out
to you which is in another form of
direct you know with one middlemen
versus like many others distributors
wholesalers are also going to rack and
selling products to - to customers even
farmers the direct from our boxes that
we're all ordering those are another way
of going direct so that's some of the
ways that were experienced already you
know directing our lives even more are
you know medical supplies I've
personally talked to about thirty and
forty factories in the past months to
help source and donate medical supplies
and I'm going direct and I know a lot of
the hospitals and you know clinics and
different rivers that's also going
direct so that's another vertical so
like how does it how does direct works I
traditionally you want to sell something
you go through factories or any have
sourcing agents you pay Turks and you
all the supply was sitting in a
warehouse you know if your big brands
you have a brand tax on top of that and
then with that all the complexity and
all the kind of trucking which is just
transfer it which are all cost right now
you can sell either through a physical
store or
my store so that translate into in
consumer sentences very expensive
products especially friend project the
brand premiums might much higher the
second iteration of that model is you
know there are companies cutting some of
the sourcing agents cutting some of the
steps to you know make other brands and
directed to go to go consumer this is
already on shorter short version which
really happening a lot of Ito see trends
we're seeing you know have limited
eliminated some of the stuffs and are
able to get products to consumer either
at a cheaper price or higher margin now
we're on the certain model which is
called a drying us towards directly
getting from the factories so forget
about all the warehouses and you know
brand taxes and all of the apply you
know let's just go direct to factories
and get our you know eggs and milk stick
from the farm it doesn't matter what
brand this is and you know probably
proud people probably even like organic
products a bit more in the case of PPE
supply you know I just go direct from
factory and you know donate these
sources to people you need so Cove is
driving us to towards the third option
which ultimately can be a cheaper option
can be a much option if the seller is
waiting to reduce the margin now
obviously some sellers will choose to
have a higher margin which is you know
better business but ultimately this is
approach where will allow us to what I
consumer to have cheaper supply better
quality you know and also faster which
will be also more robust in a Java code
it so that's one example of how come is
transforming the way supply chain works
which is a very fundamental kind of
pillar of our economy so those are three
examples I want to I want to throw out
hopefully this kind of
sparks some discussion and good
discussions among us
I think Cove is going to drive us
towards a complete reset in many
different areas and depends on who you
are how you work and how you know how
this transforming yours like support
system and our infrastructure the
implication on each person's going to be
a little different so I encourage ever
you know encourage I think about if your
founder think about how how this is
impact on business what do you have to
do in this situation what is wrong what
is your unique advantage to not only
survive but thrive in the situation
given everyone's getting hit pretty hard
so with that I'm going to take a look at
some of the questions the first question
if you have questions feel free to feel
free to type it here now I'm going to
open up the Q&A with the last ten
minutes so the first question is what do
you define as scrappy or agile thinkers
or what are the characteristics you use
yeah so the way we did our calculations
are with you know cluster analysis with
our data and the data process which
actually goes into a group with each
other so with kind of humble operators
the attributes that matters more for
this this the segment segments are you
know whether you're humble whether
you're resilient whether you're scrappy
whether your resource weren't greedy so
these are actually peers that define
home property right the key thing here I
think a lot of operators are very strong
institution but not necessarily humble
and this type of founders are
particularly humble in the sense that
they can place themselves out of a
Christian equation and be very
empathetic with with customers and how
conversations with them and
could market fit that way so that's like
a hum operator in terms of agile
visionary agile in essence like quick to
respond you know pivot if needed super
strong in execution that says that you
know you actually see what works and if
the doesn't where let's go back and do
something else right so these founders
tend to be younger and first-time
founders so they have to try different
things to really figure out how market
fit so hopefully that answers your
question
okay the second question is what
surprised you most about the findings
about the three type of successful
founders and can you please refer to the
slide women sponsoring yeah so the
second question what surprised me the
most I guess the one thing that really
surprised me is the percentage of each
type of founders so as you see here
humble operators 18 percent the natural
vision is about 10% a season in the
executive this twenty second set this is
suppressed me because typically I would
think humble operators actually
[Music]
undervalued and non-obvious type of
founders because they're humble if you
are not out there talking about yourself
constantly investor have a tendency to
not take us seriously so I would I would
have imagined this type of owner
probably like account for actual higher
percentage in today but a database but
you know from a investor point of view
maybe a lower percentage just given
their non-obvious I was a little
surprised by the percentages I think the
reason for that is probably because our
sample of his frankly you know a little
bit bias what would tend to we tend to
like founders or home operators and you
know maybe that investor if we like our
you know tend to like these type of
owners and maybe our sample just you
have more of them in the database that
that's my explanation hopefully that
answers your question
do you ever think about the supply chain
logistics of things like service
delivery in the public sector how
government delivers this critical social
services to the public this is something
that is more critical than ever now
ordinary people face challenges they
have never faced before great question I
think about that all the time
I'm unfortunately very disappointed by
how the government is reacting to to
everything that covet brings us and you
know simple examples testing right
testing should be widely available from
day one if hat testing the you know
paper available right away and we
probably wouldn't be in a situation not
working now I understand why the
government wasn't responding as fast to
provide us all the testing kits that we
need at the first place
you know I'm how you do go into details
but I've been started disappointed and I
frankly I've lost confidence being
honest the federal government I think
the private sector and more encouraged
by the private sector and how fast we
were waiting to step up and you know
like its foundation for example and you
know do some of the things that the
public sector is not able to do and
hopefully that will be somewhat somewhat
somewhat of a solution I think one thing
that maybe I don't want to mention here
regarding the public sectors response to
you know is I think regulation trying
FDA has stepped up and drafted a lot of
regulations because of 9-1-1 which has
being it really helpful because of that
which actually turn out to be not so
helpful during this time when we have to
respond superfast i testing to you for
example we know the testing kids happy
available by wh-whoa by
the other in a lot of other countries
country has been using that for a month
but because of FDA process were unable
to use all the testing testing kit that
other country have developed because the
law says we have to do everything in the
United States therefore there's a huge
delay in terms of that's one of factor
there are other factors as well there's
a delay in terms of how we're you know
developing our own testing kit and using
them right how we use the present yes
that's being given to us by WH Oh
probably you know would discard this
match process one of the reason I think
you know it's a little bit harder to to
mitigate hopefully he'll be in the
future we'll learn from this and then
become better imagine managing a global
but you know endemic and Asian countries
like China and Singapore and Hong Kong
I wonder better equip ting responding to
this because they all want to start you
know they know how to do you know how
that how these things work but it's our
first time or something to this so hope
that answers your question do you think
that the trend towards fully distributed
teams is full is or grill linked to
investors becoming more o geographically
agnostic 100 percent 100 percent you
know I think the bottleneck from the
bottom that for investors become more
waiting to make investments in founders
who are further away or have not many
person is this psychological area of
trust right if I have not met your
person technically like MSC is a is a
people business like you know is it
driven by emotion uh-huh you know
developing trust with someone over zoom
well building trust with someone who's
like to further away from hearing like
he'll do it's harder to do reference
checks because I don't know that
ecosystem that's the barrier that caused
investors to become less active and less
like that
founders the other geographies who are
like you know Congress who don't know me
in person but I think all this joining
us towards that you know like you must
not be forced to make decisions and over
zoom because of this forcing mechanism
mechanism I think investors will become
more forgot to click the concert and
like button so you must will become more
okay as a result and realize that it's
actually okay we can make a we can write
a check without making fires you know
it's actually maybe better because we're
more objective we're less likely to be
influenced by it once Prisma or like
budding gesture because we're meeting on
zoom
maybe not pushes us to do more work
preference cost versus trusting our
friends you know trusting our instinct
right so absolutely I do think that
forces us to be you're focusing more on
different jewels and better investors to
be honest when you talk about supply
chain changes do you mean this in the
context of future for quitting supplied
to fight supply changes versus its
example different and staffing I think
yes in terms of your intimate yes I mean
that's in terms of how we how does apply
to you will work in the future which
it's a complete revamp obviously will
impact the way people work and impact
like staffing for sure if we're cutting
is the fight in the middle we're cutting
the brokers and cutting middlemen right
soulfully people you know will shift
towards more on either end maybe I'm on
the kind of like the supply side work
work more manufacturing were finding
other roles and cutting more of the
middlemen so for sure it's going to be
impacted anonymous see now virtual event
space is getting hot hop in third
world's what do you think about this
area are they already a winner or any
different angle virtual event space I
don't know I have a
have a I have a complex feeling about
virtual events on one hand I know were
forced to do virtual events and that's
what the directions going to on the
other hand I'm just really sick of doing
zoom meetings and zoom calls and
everything done zoom so I think you know
that probably reflects how people feel
on one hand and we're forced to do this
and you see like increased usage on the
other hand I think the moment we're
allowed to go out we're probably just
going to do our real real events in
increasing events so I think you know
what people I think this will get more
people online from those who are
previously offline and that's a sector I
believe they will do well but I think
you know maybe the portion of people who
actually want to do less virtually
Benson you know morning person events as
a result of this probably like you know
us in some may be a little bit increase
but not like you know the drastic
increase we're seeing today how our
founders owners managers making sure
that corporate corporate goals can still
be achieved while employees work from
home and you go twist for this is it an
easy to shrink from work yes so there
are lots of tools on the market we're
looking at some of them that try to help
managers to work better and more
efficiently I turn on this light I went
through some of these tools are very
much that just how people work better
and more effectively they're not meant
to be like yo KPI management but there
are some like you know for example
arrange make Jericho this is a tool that
helps you'll do daily stand-up you know
it helps you to kind of like talk about
what you're right on the tool what your
what's your goal and how your team is go
so these targets was that help people
get alignment another exam was every
motion we're not investing any hopes to
have no sticking no way I like these
tools
promotion that basically allows you to
interact more with your coworker as if
they're in person right so there are a
lot of those tools that help you how
people to work better I think this makes
them as better workers in more efficient
I don't actually believe our efficiency
will decrease as a result of remote work
actually think a lot of us will work
better and more efficiently so I think
you know as a trend I believe I believe
these ones I believe in the cloud and
we're investing in some of other ones I
mentioned buying some of these tools
well remote working also affects the
factions of the long term absolutely a
hundred percent when selecting go direct
it very hard to go indirect I think the
impact is permanent
second mark Microsoft teams have been
growing while synchronous collaboration
space but are you seeing opportunities
seeing asynchronous conversions they say
for sure I think both are happening in
some cases where people need real-time
collaboration Microsoft were some of the
smaller players in other cases where
it's evasive workflow right what person
does this another person does something
else it doesn't need to be you know are
having at the same time but it could be
asynchronous I'm also seeing this happen
more in the workflow our mission study
so yeah for sure how will the travel and
leisure industry change post-commit
specifically local international air
travel and also tourism that's that's an
interesting question
I think Travel will no longer be the
same as before people will be more
conscious in terms of what they take
where they stay
you know how clean these spaces are so
it won't change some of the behaviors in
travel but I think travel will come back
at some point people still want to
travel it's just like you know why are
they going how they're
traveling you know how how frequently
are traveling these teasing these things
will be different like specifically how
exactly this will change you know we'll
see and they're approaching people
probably just you know are okay with
virtual events I think VR is getting
better and I personally you know don't
use much of the era I heard great things
about oculus so maybe a portion of
people were like travel virtually I
really hope people still traveling
person but I think that people's
behavior will change in travel will
bounce back in some shape or form and
may be different from how we drop how we
traveled in the past how do you feel
about certain times difficult valid
assessment testing the realm of human
capital due diligence example investing
founders or hiring of employees those
types of products are getting fun and
increasing in postcode but it seems that
not many investors are experts in this
area do you think you'll open up I think
the fundamental challenge of investing
in Scent being kind of science
healthcare is that the timeline and risk
profiles are different and it is harder
to get these projects funded because the
risk is a scientific risk right so we're
okay
aligned Messer okay with Mark Harris
with with you know technology risk made
to some extent but like science risk is
a whole different level of risk profile
investors are less likely should be okay
underwriting such risks that's why
you're seeing some are just harder to
get funded that's that a lot of
investors don't buy specific focus on
this type of risk you know you have to
have a balanced portfolio to make a call
you to calculate events and I'd really
like investors we're thinking really big
like Gates Foundation some of the other
investor who with a goal or founding
project like this so you know and
hopefully hopefully projects will get
funded by harder what work from home
have not been yet solved by existing
software solutions yeah a lot I think
the bigger one is what do I do with my
kids we have all these tools that will
help us work better about I have two
little kids you know two and four year
olds they can't use any tools they just
need to be taken care of by someone they
have their resume meetings but I'm their
IT support and admin to you know help
them even set things up so that be
extremely people your parents and the
true feeling of hanging of you know
complete work and life integration you
know my kids can come up anytime
actually speak up a so I think that's
really hard to solve and you know like
relationships you know empathy taking
care of elderly in kids and a lot of the
fundamental human at basic might live
and where issues are not getting soft
south I saw our solutions you know
education health care so so many I hope
like the number one thing I hope we can
also at some point is like child care I
think we're completely out of the time
I'll have time and not sure if I just
don't worry keep going I'm gonna just
like they're having a few questions I'm
just gonna finish to finish answer them
quickly how we'll call it change
employee onboarding or summer trainee or
is it too soon to tell
I think I'm more than getting online
getting faster and easier and you know
founders are trying to make onboarding
easier which in fashion be online I
think it's a trend that's you know going
to happen which two different kind of
mr. founders are out of the six you feel
form the most strong founding team I
think there are the three types are the
three adult visionary hub operators and
seasons exact they're all strong for
different reasons I think they might be
for different type of startups like for
example working on supply chain
logistics business right if you happy in
the business where for like five years
or ten years and probably give you the
advantage of like you know being strong
in that business so I think he said it's
a matter of like fit with a business
problem they're down strong corners for
different reasons how drastic do you
think the changes will be with middleman
type of business I think it's going to
be pretty I think it's going to be
severe in some cases like supply chain
but also lucrative if you're the
middleman who's able to figure this out
another people can't and you're probably
going to be dominant in the market but
overall I think the Train I think it
will get hurt but if you're you know
figure out something unique in the
sector thank you you're aiming and
nobody else's I think you know that's
also opportunities and silver lining
what do you mean by scientific risk you
know doctors for recovery for something
like vaccine Rick's right you know
there's a chance that we might not be
able to figure out how science work in
this case like you know there's a chance
we might not have any vaccine so that's
a that's a scientific risk like you know
a science works like we signs like like
you know either works or doesn't work
like you know just you figure out how it
works right so I you know I used to do a
PhD I used to do a science it's not
something like you can figure out like
how market fit you can like figure out
if sex doesn't work it doesn't work
there's no there's you know like
figuring out I guess I think you have to
and foot year old also it's very it's
very good yeah yeah one thing I really
appreciate that are the out of the coma
is like teachers oh my gosh we should
pay teachers so much more they deserve
in the middle they deserve to become as
it as much as possible I am very happy
to be paying the full tuition of my kids
school even though how can I choose do
meetings every day
very happy I'm very happy as for the
school I think they need to be paid
how will last question how all
connectivity for truck church engine
light of this crisis with energy usage
surgery much better than expected
yeah Internet has now been very liable
because of this urgent usage I mean the
trend is that we're shifting to 5g in
which 50 to a fiber we're shifting to
those higher you know better technology
I think you know that that's a trend
right I think and this probably drive us
towards faster and infinite
implementation of a better internet and
for sure it's happening you know
hopefully happens sooner than we expect
it's probably not most reliable like you
know about Google Fiber where you know
some of this stuff is already happening
cool it's been great chatting with all
of you if you have more questions or
left to discuss anything you can find me
on LinkedIn or Twitter I think this is
my Twitter handle right here actually
chal you can also find my LinkedIn with
my name thank you so much again this is
this big fun and hopefully this is
interesting